SAML meeting mapping always allow create if `meeting_user` not meeting member (#3514)
OpenSlides/openslides-backend: docs/actions/user.save_saml_account.md

- The saml attribute mapping can have a list of 'meeting_mappers' that can be used to assign users meeting related data. (See example below. A full example can be found in the [organization.update.md](organization.update.md))
    - A mapper can be given a 'name' for debugging purposes.
    - The 'external_id' maps to the meeting and is required (logged as warning if meeting does not exist). Multiple mappers can map to the same meeting.

>     - If 'allow_update' is set to false, the mapper is only used to create a new participant if the user does not already exist in the meeting. If it is not given it defaults to true. This option should only be used if you are sure that users aren't deleted from meetings. Alternatively they can be locked out from the meeting.

Reviewer: I don't get how `Alternatively they can be locked out from the meeting` relates to the rest of the line.

Author: I hope this change explains it better.
```suggestion
    - If 'allow_update' is set to false, the mapper is only used to create a new participant if the user does not already exist in the meeting. If it is not given it defaults to true. This should only be left at true if you are sure that users aren't deleted from meetings as the user would get readded upon the next login. When set to true participants can be alternatively to removing from the meeting locked out from the meeting.
```

Reviewer: maybe rather this
```suggestion
    - If 'allow_update' is set to false, the mapper is only used to create a new participant if the user does not already exist in the meeting. If it is not given it defaults to true. This should only be left at true if you are sure that users aren't deleted from meetings. When set to true participants can be locked out from the meeting, alternatively to removing them from the meeting.
```

Author: Yes. What do you think about `in preference` instead of `alternatively`?

Reviewer: That's good, I'll use it in the newer PR
